Prepare release v4.16.0 (#2132)
go-acme/lego: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [v4.16.0] - 2024-03-09

### Added:
- **[dnsprovider]** Add DNS provider for Shellrent
- **[dnsprovider]** Add DNS provider for Mail-in-a-Box
- **[dnsprovider]** Add DNS provider for CPanel and WHM
- 
### Changed:

> - **[lib,ari]** Implement &#39;replaces&#39; field in newOrder and draft-ietf-acme-ari-03 CertID changes

Reviewer: Any reason to escape those apostrophes?

```suggestion
- **[lib,ari]** Implement 'replaces' field in newOrder and draft-ietf-acme-ari-03 CertID changes
```
